Final Project for Software Engineering
Prof. Rollins


In the config file, db.config.txt, you can specify the username, password, database, and url of your mysql server. 
The referenced libraries used in this program are jetty-6.1.21.jar, jetty-util-6.1.21 jar, 
mysql-connector-java-5.1-java-5.1.10-bin.jar, servlet-api-2.5-20081211.jar


Main Page
text box to search query
return an HTML page that lists links to all of the pages containing the query terms

Registration page
enter a username and password.  
store this information

Login Page
log in by entering a username and password
If the user is not registered
	visit Registration Page  
If the user is registered
	your site will use cookies to track the user's session
	
Logout Link
clear the session.

Search History Page
save any queries the user enters
allow the user to view his/her search history.

Account Maintenance
allow a user to change his/her password and to clear his/her search history
 
Page Preview 
save a copy of each page you have crawled  
In the search results:
show a few lines of the text from each result page

Page Visit History
maintain a list of the links a user has followed:
	results page provide links that direct the user back to your site
	record that the user has followed the link
	redirect the user to the real page

Advanced Search
allow the user to:
	quotation marks
	minus sign

Results Per Page 
Allow the user to select the number of results displayed on each page

Administrator Interface
Provide an administrator interface that allows an administrator with the ability to enter a new seed URL to start a new crawl  

Your user account information and search histories will be stored in a mysql database. 
You will use Servlets to dynamically generate web content and handle requests.
Your server will take a seed URL as a command line parameter.  
At startup, it will begin crawling the web starting at the given URL.  
You may restrict the total number of pages crawled simply so you do not run out of memory.

